IOS
HOW TO FIX IOS 9 INSTALLATION PROBLEMS?
Description: The iOS 9 release date was plagued with widespread installation problems. Apple’s servers were slammed with requests and that caused them to meltdown under the pressure. Fortunately, those problems dissipated after 30 minutes or so. We’re still seeing isolated installation issues including frozen downloads and an issue that’s preventing users from swiping to update after installing the iOS 9 update on iPhone and iPad. Neither is ideal. Fortunately, there are fixes for both of these issues. If your iOS 9.2 download or installation locks up, you’ll want to hold down the power button and the home button for 10 seconds. This typically jumpstarts the process.
HOW TO FIX SLIDE TO UPDATE PROBLEM?
Description: As for the other issue, we were able to fix the issue simply by unplugging our phone from the computer and iTunes. This isn’t a guaranteed fix but it worked for us and it’s a simple solution to try if you’re unable to do anything when presented with a “Slide to Update” option. If that doesn’t work, you’ll want to take a look at Apple’s list of official fixes for the well known iOS 9 issue.

If your screen stops responding to touches and swipes, you’ll want to hold down the power button and home button at the same time. Wait for the phone to reboot and then try to use your screen like you normally do. If it doesn’t work the first time, try it again until it works. It took three resets for our screen to start working again.
HOW TO FIX IOS 9 BATTERY LIFE PROBLEMS?
Description: The iOS 9 update brings a tangible battery life boost to the iPhone. Some users might get up to an extra hour of battery life. While some users are seeing an increase, others are noticing abnormal battery drain on their device. Battery issues are common, particularly right after a major system update like iOS 9. If your iOS 9 battery life isn’t what you think it should be after installing iOS 9.2, wait a couple of days for the update to settle. Things tend to improve after two days or so.
If they don’t, take a look at our list of iOS 9 battery life fixes and tipsthat will help you fix bad iOS 9.0, iOS 9.1 or iOS 9.2 battery life.
iPhone 6s Battery Percentage Issue
Apple’s outlined an iPhone 6s iOS 9 battery percentage issue on its website, an issue that we came across during our time at CES 2016 in Las Vegas. Here’s how the company describes this rather widespread issue with iOS 9.2:If you change the time on your iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus manually or change time zones when traveling, you might notice that the battery percentage doesn’t update.
If this happens on your iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus, there is a workaround. Apple’s temporary solution looks like this:
1. Restart your iPhone.
2. Go to Settings > General > Date & Time and make sure that Set Automatically is turned on. Learn more about the date and time on your device.
If that doesn’t help, contact Apple support. Apple says that it’s “aware of this issue and is investigating the cause and a solution.”
With iOS 9.2.1 and iOS 9.3 updates on the way, we could see a fix on board one of those.

HOW TO FIX IOS 9 WI-FI PROBLEMS?
Description: We’re already seeing complaints about broken Wi-Fi in iOS 9. This isn’t at all surprising given that Wi-Fi problems are among the most common iOS problems. Fortunately, there are some proven fixes that could help you alleviate your iOS 9 Wi-Fi issues.
If you run into Wi-Fi problems on iOS 9, you’ll want to reset your Network Settings. To do this, head into Settings > General > Reset > Reset Network Settings. This process can take a few minutes to complete and after it’s done, your device will have forgotten known Wi-Fi passwords so make sure you have your password handy.

If that doesn’t solve your issue, forget your Wi-Fi networks and reconnect to them. To get that done, go into your Settings > Wi-Fi > Select your connection > Tap Forget this Network at the top of the screen. Reconnect if you can.
If those fixes don’t work, take a close look at your router. We recommend unplugging it for a good minute or so then plugging it back in. If that doesn’t help, see if there is a firmware update for your router. Each router is different so you’ll need to consult your manual on how to do this.
If none of these fixes work for you, you can head here for some other potential fixes. Apple’s also got its own guide available as well.
HOW TO FIX IOS 9.1 TOUCH ID PROBLEMS?
Description: Many iOS 9.1 users are complaining about issues with Touch ID. Some are saying that the update has caused problems with accuracy while others are saying that their fingerprints no longer work to open up their device.
These issues might require a direct fix from Apple but there are some things you can try if Touch ID starts acting up.
HOW TO FIX TOUCH ID FAILURES?
Description: If Touch ID suddenly stops working, try re-training your fingerprints. Before doing this you’ll want to make sure you that dirt and sweat are removed from the Touch ID sensor and that oil is removed from your hands.
Next. go to Settings > Touch ID & Passcode > Enter your Passcode. On the next screen swipe from right to left on each fingerprint to delete them. When this is complete you can tap on Add a Fingerprint… to re-train Touch ID.
HOW TO FIX TOUCH ID PROBLEMS IN APP STORE?
Description: If you’re unable to use Touch ID in the App Store, try this fix. First go to Settings > Touch ID & Passcode > Enter your Passcode. Then turn off iTunes & App Store. Reboot your iPhone or iPad. Go back to Touch ID & Passcode in Settings and turn iTunes & App Store back on.
HOW TO FIX TOUCH ID IF IT’S NOT WORKING AT ALL
Description: If it stops working, try resetting the phone by holding down the home button and the power button for 10 seconds or until the phone restarts.
If that doesn’t work, you might want to try a factory reset as this has been known to dislodge major Touch ID problems. The instructions can be found at the bottom of this page.
How to Fix iOS 9 Data Problems?
Description: We’re also seeing iOS 9 users complain about issues with cellular data. We’ve seen the list of complaints grow after the iOS 9.2 roll out.
This is another common iOS problem and one that should affect various iOS 9 users in the weeks to come. Cellular data issues can be tricky but there are a few known fixes for them.
If you’re sure that these issues don’t have anything to do with an outage, either at Apple or device’s service provider, you’ll want to first try restarting your device. Power it down, slide to turn it off, and reboot it. It’s simple but it has squashed cellular issues in the past.
If that restart doesn’t help, try toggling Cellular Data off and on in your device’s Settings. To do that go into Settings > Cellular > Cellular Data > Toggle Off. After you toggle it off, toggle it back on and see if that doesn’t help.
If that doesn’t work, try flipping Airplane Mode on for 30 seconds before turning it back off again. Airplane Mode kills all connections on your device. The Airplane Mode function can be found at the top of your Settings
If the problem is with LTE, try shutting LTE off for a few minutes. To shut it down, go into Settings > Cellular > Enable LTE > Off. Flip it back on when ready.






HOW TO FIX IOS 9 BLUETOOTH PROBLEMS?
Description: Bluetooth issues are among the most common iOS problems andwe’re not surprised to see them affecting iOS 9 users after the iOS 9.1 and iOS 9.2 releases. Like cellular data problems, these can be a little tricky to fix because of the sheer number of Bluetooth devices out there. Here are a few things to try.
The first thing you’ll want to do is reset your device’s Network Settings. To get that done go to Settings > General > Reset > Reset Network Settings. Your device will forget the Bluetooth device and you’ll now have to reconnect.

If that doesn’t dislodge your problem, you’ll want to try forgetting the Bluetooth connection. To do that go to Settings > Bluetooth > Select your connection using the circular blue i tab > Tap Forget this Device. Try reconnecting.
You can also try resetting all of your settings. This has worked for us in the past and there’s a chance it will work for you. To reset all of your settings go to Settings > General > Reset > Reset All Settings. This process could take a few minutes and after it’s done, your device’s settings will be restored to factory defaults. In other words, have your Wi-Fi passwords handy.
If you are seeing Bluetooth problems in the car, you’ll want to consult your car’s manual so that you can restart the connection. This could be a little time consuming for some of you so make sure you set aside some quiet time to do it.
Forget the connection and then try reconnecting to the car. If that doesn’t help, you might want to try bringing it into a dealer or car specialist to take a look.
HOW TO FIX IOS 9 APP PROBLEMS?
Description: If you’re running into issues with third-party applications after installing iOS 9.2, you’ll want to try a few things before throwing your phone against a wall or deleting the app entirely.
First, see if there is a recent update for your app. Developers have been rolling out iOS 9 support updates that could help. We’ve downloaded a number of them and we haven’t run into any major problems with our apps. Make sure you read reviews on the App Store first though.
If that doesn’t work, try reinstalling the application. This has worked for us and many others in the past and it’s worth a shot. Make sure your data is backed up before you do this though.
If that doesn’t work, contact the developer and tell them about your problem so that they can address it in a future update.
How to Fix iOS 9 App Store Problems?
Description: We’ve been seeing complaints about problems with the App Store and downloading. This is obviously a big problem and it’s one that appears to be affecting iOS 9.0, iOS 9.1 and iOS 9.2 users as well.
There are two known fixes for the problem though they aren’t guaranteed to work for you. The first requires a reset. To do this, hold down the power button and home button. Users are saying that got rid of the issue.
Others are saying that they’ve been able to rapidly tap “Update” on an app before the “Open” symbol appears. Some have said that they’ve had to tap upwards of 10 times for it to work but that it worked in the long run.
We’ve also seen this issue on older iOS updates and the issue simply went away after a short period of time. So if nothing works, be patient.
HOW TO IMPROVE IOS 9 PERFORMANCE?
Description: If you are dealing with performance issues like lag, you’ll want to consult our list of tips to improve the fluidity of iOS. These strategies are aimed at the iPhone 4s but they should come in handy across all iOS 9 powered devices.



HOW TO FIX IOS 9 IMESSAGE PROBLEMS?
Description: We’re also seeing problems with iMessage after the iOS 9.2 update. These are extremely common and we will almost certainly see iMessage problems continue well into iOS 9’s lifespan.
If you’re seeing problems with Messages, the first thing you’ll want to do is toggle the feature off and on again.
Go into your Settings > Messages > Toggle iMessage off then back on. This fix has worked for us in the past and it’s the first thing you’ll want to try out.
If that quick fix doesn’t work, reboot your device.
And if a reboot doesn’t work, head into your settings and reset Network Settings. Head into Settings > General > Reset > Reset Network Settings. This will cause your device to forget your connections so make sure you have your Wi-Fi passwords handy.
HOW TO FIX IOS 9 PROBLEMS IF NOTHING ELSE WORKS?
Description: If you’re dealing with an iOS 9 problem that’s not listed here, you’ll want to head to Apple’s discussion forums and look around. Users there are typically very helpful, and knowledgeable, and that’s a great place to start. If you’re still experiencing Apple Music problems on iOS 9, you’ll want to head to the Apple Music discussion forum. If those resources don’t help, you have some other options. First, you can downgrade back to iOS 9.0.2. This will only be open for a limited time so you’ll need to move fast. Apple typically keeps it open for one to two weeks. If nothing works, you can resort to a factory reset (or a restore from a backup). This will wipe everything on your phone or tablet and return it back to the way it was when you first bought the device.
To perform a full on factory reset on iPhone or iPad, Settings > General > Reset > Erase All Content and Settings. This should only be used as a last resort. If you can’t fix the problem with any of those, take your device into an Apple Store. Schedule an appointment at the Genius Bar and see if the geniuses there can’t diagnose your problem.





GALAXY S4

PROBLEM: RANDOM REBOOTING
An alarming number of Galaxy S4 owners have complained about a random rebooting problem. The S4 will restart itself from time to time without any obvious trigger. There are a few possible causes of this. If it happens to you, and it’s not preceded by a specific action or app, then here are some things worth trying.
Potential solutions:
* Some people found that the issue disappeared after they updated to the latest software. Go to Settings > More > About device > Software update and tap Update.
* You should also make sure your apps are up to date by loading up the Play Store and going to My apps then choosing Update all.
* It could be an app that’s causing your issues. Try holding down the Power button and choose Power off, then hold it down to turn the phone back on. When you see the Galaxy S4 logo let go of the Power button and hold the volume down key and it should boot into Safe mode. It will actually say “Safe mode” at the bottom left of the screen if it worked. If your problem is gone then it’s a safe bet that one of the apps you installed is causing it. You can try uninstalling one by one, or you can go for a factory reset and reinstall apps one by one until you find what’s responsible.
* A lot of problems with the S4 seem to be related to memory cards. If you’ve got a MicroSD card in there then try removing it and see if the random reboots still occur.
PROBLEM: LACK OF STORAGE
If you bought a 16GB Galaxy S4, you might be disappointed to find that you only have around 8.5GB free. The operating system and the preloaded apps are taking up over 6GB of the available space.
Possible solutions:
1. You can buy a MicroSD card, up to 64GB, and you can use cloud storage solutions like Google Drive and Dropbox.
2. The problem is that some apps can’t be installed to a MicroSD card, and they obviously can’t be run from the cloud. Your other option is to root your S4 and get rid of some of the bloatware.
GLITCH: CAMERA AND GALLERY APP NOT WORKING
There are many reports of strange behaviors with the camera app and the gallery app. Some people find that one or both apps either won’t load up or sometimes crash randomly. There are also reports of the camera refusing to take pictures and the gallery app not displaying all the photos properly.
Potential solutions:
* Try going to Settings >More > Application manager > All and then go into the offending Camera or Gallery app and try Clear cache and Clear data. If it’s still running you may also want to Force stop it.
* You can also try wiping the cache partition. Turn the S4 off and then press and hold Volume up, Home, and Power together. When the phone vibrates, let go of Power. When the Android Recovery screen appears let go of Volume up and Home. Use Volume down to highlight wipe cache partition and then tap the Power key to select it. It should automatically restart after wiping it.
* Some people think this issue is related to MicroSD cards. If you are currently saving your photos to a MicroSD card, try removing it and saving them on the device or using Google+ or Dropbox to automatically back them up online.
* Some S4 owners reported success by installing a third-party camera app, even if they subsequently remove it.
* If the camera app refuses to load at all, or loads and then immediately fails, try restarting your S4. Make sure that the battery is fully charged. Check if it works in safe mode by turning your S4 off and then hold down the Power key until you see the S4 logo, let go of it and hold down the Volume down key until it boots (it will say Safe mode in the bottom left corner).
* There’s an outside chance the camera problem is a hardware issue, either with the camera module or perhaps just a loose connection. If you’re under warranty then take it to a service center and find out.
BUG: DISPLAY SMEARING OR GHOSTING
A number of S4 owners have experienced a smearing or ghosting issue when they are scrolling in menus with a black background. Some report a purple haze on the grey bits of the menu and elsewhere. The effect is more noticeable when the brightness is turned down. Some people have also reported a red tint on black.
Possible solution: Samsung has reportedly already released an OTA update that fixes the red tint on black, but the smearing issue has not been solved. Some people argue that it’s a limitation of the hardware; others are claiming it will be fixed via a software update.
Workaround: It might be worth trying the free Screen Adjuster app, as it allows you to calibrate colors and contrast.
PROBLEM: SIM CARD NOT INSERTED
This isn’t uncommon among smartphones. You might find that you don’t have service, or you might get a message saying “SIM card removed. The mobile network will be unavailable until you restart with a valid SIM card.”
Potential solutions:
* Turn the S4 off and remove the SIM card. Make sure that it’s clean and try putting it back in.
* If you have another SIM card that you can test, try that. If it works then you just need to get a new SIM card from your carrier. If it doesn’t work then there could be a hardware fault and you should take the handset back and get a replacement.


PROBLEM: LAG OR STUTTER
Many people have found that the S4 stutters out of the box. There are reports of stuttering on entering and exiting apps, some lag on unlocking, and also lag when pressing the Home button. You can reasonably expect a smartphone this powerful to be as smooth as silk. If it isn’t then you can try the following:
Possible solutions:
1. Go to Settings > Developer options and scroll down. Try changing Window animation scale, Transition animation scale, and Animator duration scale to Animation is off. If you don’t see Developer options then you can unlock it by going to Settings > More > About device and tapping the Build number several times (you should get a pop-up message when developer options is unlocked).
2. Go to Settings >My device > Lock screen and then tap Unlock effect and change it to None.
3. Fire up S-Voice and go into Settings and then uncheck the box next to Open via the home key. Be aware that this will disable the double tap activation for S-Voice, but it will also eliminate the Home button lag.
PROBLEM: BATTERY DRAIN
Is your battery draining faster than expected? Any smartphone is going to eat up a lot of juice if you use it a lot, but if you’re experiencing heavy battery drain it could be linked to the overheating problem discussed above. The hotter your battery gets, the faster it’s going to drain. You could use an app to check the temperature and make sure that’s not the real reason for the excessive battery drain.
If you find that your battery juice is draining fast under light usage, and the phone isn’t overheating, then there are a couple of things you could try. Start by going to Settings > More > Battery and find out what is eating the power.
Workarounds:
1. Disable feature you aren’t using: Wi-Fi, GPS, Mobile data, Air view, NFC, etc.
2. Turn on Power saving mode via the extra Quick settings in the Notifications bar.
3. Reduce your screen brightness and timeout.
4. Use a dark wallpaper.
5. Watch out for apps that are constantly syncing. You’ll find options to set the sync duration in the settings menu of most apps like Facebook, which can be a drain on power.
PROBLEM: OVERHEATING
A lot of people have reported that the S4 is getting very warm or even hot at times. Most people are experiencing this during movie playback or while gaming. Some had a problem with random apps, during calls, while browsing the web, or while using the camera. A few have experienced an issue while charging. Any smartphone is going to heat up with extensive use and hot weather will have an impact too.
Possible solutions:
1. It could be a rogue app. Make sure you have the latest updates for all your apps. Fire up the Play Store, tap Menu then My apps, and you should see available Updates at the top right. If you have an up to date app that always seems to cause the problem, then try to find an alternative.
2. Some people report that media server could be the culprit. Try removing the MicroSD card and backing up all the files onto your computer. Reinsert the card into your S4 and format it. This might solve the problem.
3. If it is a software problem then an update might solve it. There are reports that Sprint S4 handsets have already received an OTA (over the air) update, but we don’t know what it was for. In any case this solution means waiting.
4. If your S4 continues to heat up,and you aren’t using it heavily, then it’s possible you have a hardware problem. Contact your retailer, carrier, or Samsung to report the problem and see if you can get a replacement.
PROBLEM: CAN’T CONNECT TO WI-FI, IT’S VERY SLOW, OR KEEPS DROPPING CONNECTION
A lot of people run into issues with their smartphones and routers. Quite a few S4 owners have reported their Wi-Fi connection dropping frequently, and a few are unable to connect at all. The problem with Wi-Fi issues is that they could be down to the hardware (mobile device or router), or they could be caused by the software (on the mobile device or the router), or they could be caused by settings (on the smartphone or the router). To complicate things further, software problems could be down to Google’s Android or Samsung’s TouchWiz overlay.
If you find that other devices are connecting to your router without a problem then it looks like you have an issue. Try the following:
Workarounds: Most people report that toggling the Wi-Fi switch in quick settings, or turning your smartphone and/or router off and on again, temporarily solves the issue.
Potential solutions:
1. Go into Settings > Connections and tap Wi-Fi. Then tap Menu and make sure Keep Wi-Fi on during sleep is set to Always.
2. You can try turning off Wi-Fi power save mode on your S4. On the phone dialer type *#0011# then Menu > Wi-Fi and turn Wi-Fi power save mode to Off.
3. Make sure that your router firmware is up to date.
4. Change your router settings, maybe change the 802.11 mode or channel. You should refer to troubleshooting documentation for your specific router, or contact your ISP to find out how.
PROBLEM: SMART STAY, PAUSE, SCROLL, ROTATION DOESN’T WORK
Some of the exclusive features on the S4 are what tempted people to buy it over the major competitors, so it can be a disappointment for people when they can’t get a feature to work as advertised. A lot of people complain that the Smart Stay, Pause, Rotation, and Scroll features aren’t working for them.
Potential solution: Assuming you’ve checked that they’re turned on in Settings > My device > Smart screen. You should also make sure that the lighting is sufficiently bright for your S4 to see you. The phone has to be able to see your face using the front-facing camera. If you’re obscuring that camera, or the environment is too dark, then it simply won’t work.

WINDOWS PHONE 8

PROBLEM: BLACK SCREEN DURING CALLS
A lot of few people have encountered persistent problems with their screen going black whenever they make or receive a call on their Windows Phone 8 device. This makes it unresponsive, so it’s difficult to cancel or end the call. It seems to be a problem for the Lumia 920 specifically.
Workaround:
* If you tap the power button twice the screen should blink back to life, but you may have to act quickly to end the call.

Potential fixes:
* This is likely to be an issue with the proximity sensor. Make sure that you don’t have a screen protector covering it. It’s located next to the front-facing camera at the top of the front face of the phone.
* You should also make sure there’s no dirt covering it. Give it a wipe or try using compressed air on the top edge to blast any dust away.
* Some people have reported success by pushing on the screen where the proximity sensor is located, which suggests a build issue.
* You could ask for a replacement unit, although some people have encountered the same issue on more than one device.
Glitch: Camera not working
Some people have had problems with their camera on their Windows Phone 8 device. In some cases the camera button and camera app icon simply don’t seem to trigger anything. In other cases, a message will appear about the camera failing to initialize.
Workarounds:
* Try pressing and holding the camera button for a couple of seconds and see if that starts it.
* Press and hold the volume down button and the power button together for 10 seconds. Your phone will restart and the camera should be working again, but the problem might reoccur.


Potential fixes:
* Make sure that your software is up to date; check your device manufacturer’s website.
* Back up any important files and reset your phone via Settings > About > Reset your phone.
* If the problem persists then it’s time to talk to your retailer, carrier, or manufacturer about a replacement handset.






















PROBLEM: DUPLICATE SONGS

A lot of people have run into issues with their music collections on Windows Phone 8 devices. Sometimes songs appear twice or even three times. If you look in the folder on your phone there will only be one track, but in the music app you’ll see multiple copies. Unfortunately this can be a tricky problem to solve.
Workaround:
* A few people have found that turning off Xbox Music cloud collection helps. Go to Start > Music + Videos > More > Settings and turn off Xbox Music cloud collection.
Potential fix:
1. Make sure that you have a complete back up of your music collection.
2. Now delete all of the music on your phone and on your SD card.
3. Make sure that you back up anything precious on your phone and reset it via Settings > About > Reset your phone.
4. Put the SD card into your PC and reformat it.
5. Create a folder called Music on the blank card and manually drag and drop all the music you want into that folder.
6. Now put the SD card back into your phone and wait for it to update.
7. When you want to add new tracks take the SD card out of the phone and put it in your computer and drag and drop the new track into the folder, then put the card back in your phone.
Bug: ‘Other’ storage filling up
A lot of people suffer from a flaw in the WP8 system which caused the available storage to gradually fill up. Go into Settings > Phone storage and tap on the bar to get a breakdown of categories and see how much space your music and videos, pictures, apps, and system are taking up. There’s also an ‘other’ category which covers attachments from emails, app & game data, and other temporary files. Unfortunately, this category fills up and there is no way of clearing it out without wiping the phone. Microsoft has finally addressed the issue and there are a couple of other ways round it.
Potential solutions:
* Microsoft’s GDR2 update addresses this bug. The “other” category will still fill up, but it should be automatically cleared out when the storage reaches capacity.
* Nokia released a Storage Check tool which can help you gain an insight into what is eating up space and clear away temporary files.
* There is also a free app called Shrink Storage which enables you to fill your storage and then restart your device and trigger the clear up to empty it out.

PROBLEM: PUSH NOTIFICATIONS NOT WORKING

It’s fairly common to encounter issues with push notifications. Sometimes updates do not come through to your device like they should. This can result in issues with apps like Facebook or WhatsApp where no notifications come through, but when you open the app there are a ton of updates queued up. Many Windows Phone 8 users have been complaining about push notifications not working properly on the platform with a number of popular apps. There are some things you can try.
Workaround:
* Try restarting your device by holding down the Power button for 10 seconds then tapping to turn it on again.
Potential solutions:
* Check your Wi-Fi or data connection. Poor coverage will impact on push notifications. Go to Settings > Wi-Fi > Advanced and tick the box next to Keep WiFi on when screen times out.
* Go to Settings and make sure that Battery saver isn’t turned on as it can disconnect you in order to save power.
* If you are using your network, then make sure that your data limit hasn’t been exceeded. You should also check your limits in the Data Sense app and make sure it isn’t restricting you.
* Uninstall the app you are having a problem with, restart your device, then reinstall the app to see if that helps.
* Some people reported success by turning Location and Find my phone in Settings off or on and then restarting the device.
Bug: Volume won’t change
There have been a lot of reports about people listening to music and finding that they are unable to change the volume using the volume buttons during a specific track – the volume doesn’t change until the track has ended. This bug also impacts ringtones, which no longer fade the music in and out when a call comes in. Some users also report generally low volume which they are unable to increase.
Workarounds:
* Restart the device. Press and hold the power button for 10 seconds and then tap it to turn the phone back on. The problem should be temporarily gone.
* If you own a Lumia device, use the Nokia Music app instead. It doesn’t appear to suffer from the volume issue.
* Low volume that won’t change is generally associated with a specific app, use an alternative and you shouldn’t have the same problem.
Bug: Random rebooting
Toward the end of last year a number of WP8 users began to complain about random rebooting. The issue seemed to be common on the HTC 8X and Nokia Lumia 920, although it didn’t affect every handset. The smartphones would simply reboot without warning. There was also some suggestion that a syncing problem was related.
Solutions:
1. Microsoft investigated and then released an OTA update in North America in December, known as ‘Portico,’ which fixed the random rebooting issue (this is still rolling out to other markets). To make sure you have the latest update go to App list > Settings > Phone update > Check for updates and follow the prompts.
2. Some users reported the issue persisting, even after the update. It’s always worth trying a restart. Press and hold the Power button and then slide down when you see Slide down to power off. Turn it back on again and see if the problem repeats. You could also try removing the battery and replacing it.
3. Your final option is to try a factory reset. Make sure you backup first by going to App list > Settings > Backup and choose App list + settings and then Back up now. Then go to About > Reset your phone and tap Yes and Yes again when prompted.

Annoying: Auto-brightness bug
A number of WP8 users with Nokia Lumia 920 handsets reported wildly fluctuating screen brightness, possibly due to the Portico update. It seems a bug may have been introduced that impacts on the auto-brightness and causes the screen to flicker as it struggles to find the right brightness setting.
Workarounds:
1. You could disable auto-brightness and set the phone to Medium brightness just to prevent it from changing repeatedly.
2. Some users reported success, or at least a reduced fluctuation, by turning on the phone in a completely dark environment and allowing the sensors to calibrate to the darkness.
Glitch: Screen freezing
If you find your WP8 device just freezes and the touchscreen is unresponsive then you are not alone. This issue could have various causes, but the methods to fix it are the same.
Potential solutions:
1. Press and hold the Volume down and the Power button simultaneously for 10 seconds. Your device should restart and work as normal.
2. If the problem persists, check that you have the latest updates via App list > Settings > Phone update > Check for updates.
Workaround:
1. Some people have reported that turning Wi-Fi off solves the freezing problem, but obviously it also deprives you of Wi-Fi, which is no good as a long-term fix.
Problem: Fast battery drain
Some users have complained that their WP8 device is running out of battery juice very quickly. This could be caused by poorly optimized apps, syncing problems, or something else entirely. There are a few things worth trying to see if you can solve the issue. Obviously turning off NFC, Wi-Fi, mobile data, and other phone features when they aren’t needed is a good start.
Potential solutions:
1. Try uninstalling and reinstalling the Skype and Facebook apps. Some users have reported both apps as major battery hogs, but insist that uninstalling and reinstalling results in improved performance.
2. A number of apps have been cited as potential drains including Nokia Drive Beta, various messenger and music apps, and even some games. Nokia advised people to exit apps using the back button so that they close rather than continue to run in the background. You can also go to Settings > Applications > Background tasks and block any apps you don’t want running in the background.
Problem: Sync not working, can’t send or receive emails or texts
Reports of problems syncing email accounts and also sending or receiving texts or emails have cropped up. For some WP8 users this issue has also affected their contacts and other accounts on the device. It seems to have been caused by the Skype app.
Potential solutions:
1. Uninstall the Skype app and then force a sync of all problem accounts. This should resolve the issue and you should be able to reinstall the Skype app without further problems.
2. If step 1 doesn’t work then try turning off Wi-Fi and mobile data and then reboot the phone and turn them on again.
3. If you still have problems, try unlinking your Microsoft account from your Skype account and repeat the process from step 1.


















Android Problems
Battery drain
Numerous users have reported problems with the battery life of their devices. One of the easiest ways to prolong your smartphone's battery is to change your locations and brightness settings.
Enter the settings menu, click on Location, and select battery saving mode. As for brightness, you should avoid using auto-brightness and instead turn your screen down somewhere below halfway, or to a level that is acceptable for your eyes.
Some phones, such as the Galaxy S5, even include extra battery saving modes.


Frozen and slow user interface
Phones typically begin to slow down as their internal storage fills up. Try deleting unused apps and photos, or moving them to the cloud or a microSD card. In addition, you should close open apps that you are no longer using, delete app cache, and limit the use of live wallpapers.
An app's cached data can be deleted be going to Settings, clicking on Apps, selecting a certain app, and choosing the "Clear cache" option. Programs such as App Cache Cleaner and Clean Master, both of which are available for free from the Google Play store, can also be used to automate the process of clearing cache

Connectivity issues
If you have are having a problem connecting to Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, or your cellular network, enable Airplane mode for 30 seconds, toggle it off, and try connecting again. Sometimes simply toggling the specific connection can also solve the problem.
Still having issues? Try repairing or setting up your Bluetooth device or Wi-Fi network again.

Stalled text messages
Ensure you are connected to the Internet either through Wi-Fi or cellular, click on the unsent message, and click the "resend" option.
If the problem continues, try restarting your device or even installing a third-party messaging app.


Syncing error
There are numerous steps you can take to address problems with syncing. First, ensure that you are connected to the Internet, and that the service you are trying to sync with, such as Google or Dropbox, isn't down. Double check that your password is correct and try syncing again.
Still having problems? Remove the account from your device and add it again


App crashes
Apps can crash for all sorts of reasons. Is there an update available for either the app or your phone? If so, install it.
If not, force close the app by swiping it away in the multitask menu (pictured above) and then reopen it.


Unresponsive screen
You may want to throw your phone against the wall when it begins to malfunction, but there isn't a need to panic. Most problems are fixed with a simple restart. Although if you physically damaged your phone or dropped it in water, you may have bigger problems on your hands.
Press the power button and let the phone turn off, but wait a minute or two before powering it back on.










ANDROID USER ERRORS
1. Syncing Error
This is one of the most frequent errors you will get while trying to sync your Android Device. Its solution is somewhat similar to fixing syncing for most Windows devices. First, remove the account information from device, reboot/restart, and re-enter the information back into  device. Try to download our messages/sync the device.

STEPS:
o Go to Menu >> Settings>> Accounts and Sync
o Identify the application with issue
o Remove from your accounts to manage
o Reboot/restart your Android Device
o Go back to Menu >> Settings>> Accounts and Sync
o Add the account
o Attempt to sync (use the “sync all” button if needed)
* SMS Error Cause Code 97 Class 2
This error pops up while sending SMS. Users are usually not aware that this error could be possibly due to text plan or lack of it. While activating your number, you may be required to call an automated number. Please follow instructions carefully or your SMS service might be disrupted even after few months.
* Data Call Failure- Error code 128
You encounter this error often if your cellular service provider is trying to push new software down to your phone. You might be able to get rid of this error simply by updating your profile and setting web browser setting to default. In order to find the updates trying to push their way through your device, you can follow these simple steps:
Go to settings>> System Updates >> Check status of updates (uninstalled apps are likely to be the source of problem.)
* “Installation Unsuccessful Error” in GooglePlay
One of the most common errors is “Download Unsuccessful” or “Installation Unsuccessful” while you are trying to update or download app from Google Play.
Here is how you can fix this problem:
Clear Cache(Applications > Manage Applications > All > GooglePlay and hit “Clear Data”
In most cases this will solve the problem. If not, you are very likely facing an SD card issue.
You can follow these simple steps:
Unmount SD Card >> Uninstall Play Store Updates (Settings > Applications > All > PlayStore and hitting “Uninstall Updates”)
* Battery Drain
Battery woes seem to be a never ending saga for Android. No matter which version you are using Android OS simply is a battery hog.  It gets worst with services like Bluetooth, Wi-Fi and GPS. These services drain out your battery quicker than you can probably imagine. So make sure that you turn off such services when not in use. Some other ways to beat the battery drain is by disabling auto-updation of apps, adjusting brightness level of your screen, and deleting unnecessary apps.
* Crashes
Frequent crashes having become synonymous with Android. It is annoying to helplessly watch your mobile reboot or freeze while you are just in the middle of sending a text, about to disconnect a call, or closing an app. In order to solve this problem, you simply need to check whether RAM has enough space. Just delete the clutter such as unwanted apps or images. You can also remove apps that not compatible with current version of your OS.  This will solve problem to a great extent.

